# Computer-Hardware-Software
  Hardware:  The physical or touchable elements of a computer are known as hardware. When people express with reference a computer, they customary indicate the hardware. Hardware is a combined term.it incorporates not only the computer but also the wires, affix, power supply units and outer device such as the keyboard, mouse, monitor, audio speakers, printers, and so on.  The style is used to differentiate these fixed components of a system from the variable software or data integrant, which perform, stores, or transmits.  Software:  images  The non-touchable part of the computer is called software. Software relates to the programs that indicate the computer what to perform. Software create the computer productive. Software is the common name provides to all the programs (indications) and data required to create the computer powerless. The term software indicates to the non-physical components of a computer system.  Windows, Visual Basic, Norton Antivirus, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft power point, word pad are the illustrations of software.  At the end of our exchange of views about computer we conclude that:  It is a machine. It is without life object. It requires outside interference for it to start. It can only do process for which it is create. It is electronic. It is developed by electronic circuits. It starts on electrical power. It is automatic. Once runs, it carry on to run without outside interference. It can juggle data, these significant principles. It can operate arithmetic operations like as adding up, deduct, multiplication and division. It can complete data. It has memory. It has the ability to recollect what it has perform.it can store indications in its memory and obey these through unaided. It can operate logical operations. It can be awarded a set of indications that tell what it must perform and how it must functions it. It can construct outputs upon finalizations of these functions and indications. Potentials of Computer:  Speed: A computer can operate data hasty than any other machine styles operate parallel works.  Repetition: A computer can untiring operations the similar functions millions of times in absolutely the similar path without obtaining dig out and exhausted the path a human accountant would.  Accuracy: A computer’s fasten- speed operations are Keep Company by high- correctness outputs. No other system can have as higher correctness as a computer system.  Logical Operations: The computer can put up decisions starting point on some circumstances and take substitute course of process accordingly.  Store and Recall information: The computer is same as human brains it can remembers factuality, indications and information and hark back means recall them when required.  Self-Checking: The computer confirms the correctness of its own expressions by means of an identity check.  Self-operating: At the time data and the program are fixed into the computer’s brains or memory, the computer is able of performing the indications on its own, without human interference.     Restrictions of the Computer  A computer cannot procreate information on its own. A computer cannot faultless wrong indications. A computer cannot come up with an exact the same and original decision.
